fix(table):  react table schema order (#1829)
Kajabi/sage-lib: packages/sage-react/lib/Table/Table.story.mdx

import { ArgsTable, Canvas, Meta, Source, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import { selectArgs } from '../story-support/helpers';

import { dataCollection } from './sample-data/contacts';
import { domains } from './sample-data/domains';

import { Table } from './Table';

<Meta
  title="Sage/Table"
  component={Table}
  subcomponents={{Header: Table.Header, Row: Table.Row}}
  argTypes={{
    captionSide: {
      options: Object.values(Table.CAPTION_SIDE),
      control: 'select'
    }
  }}
  parameters={{
    docs: {
      description: {
        component: 'Basic table component.'
      }
    }
  }}
/>

# Table

> Tables are a fundamental tool in web development and design, serving as a structured way to present tabular data

Reviewer: Nitpick, missing period.

## Usage Guidelines

### When to use

> - Data that needs to be rendered in tabular format

Reviewer 2: Small update 
```suggestion
- Data that needs to be rendered in tabular format.
```

- Need to provide sorting, filtering, and/or pagination.

### When not to use
- If your data does NOT need to be rendered with data columns.

## Accessibility
Table component is built accessibly with native HTML in mind.

## Properties

<ArgsTable of={Table} />

## Variants
### Default

export const DefaultTemplate = (args) => <Table {...args} />;

<Canvas mdxSource={`
  <Table rows={dataCollection} />
`}>
  <Story name="Default"
    args={{
      rows: dataCollection
    }}
  >
    { DefaultTemplate.bind({}) }
  </Story>
</Canvas>

### With Headers

<Canvas mdxSource={`
  <Table
    rows={dataCollection}
    headers={{
      first: {
        label: 'First Name'
      }
    }}
  />
`}>
  <Story name="Headers"
    args={{
      rows: dataCollection,
      headers: ['id', 'first', 'email', 'phone']
    }}
  >
    { DefaultTemplate.bind({}) }
  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Headers and Schemas
Should you provide both properties `headers` and `schemas` there are few things you will need to take into
consideration.

> 1. `headers` can now be passed an object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. `headers` can be passed an object.
```

2. The keys in `headers` should align with the key names in the `schema`
3. The headers will override the label specified in `schema`.

Here is a table outlining the properties:

|Property Name|Description|
|-----|-------|
|attributes|Additional HTML Atttributes you want to add.|
|className|The CSS Classname to be applied to the Table Header.|
|dataType|The Sage DataType for the Table Header.|
|label|The text content of the Table Header.|

> |style|Additional styles that can be applied|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|style|Additional styles to be applied.|
```

Given the above information, lets take a look at a couple of examples.

#### Header override
<Canvas mdxSource={`
  <Table rows={dataCollection}
    headers={{
      first:  {
        label: 'Overrides First Name Label'
      }
    }}
    schema={{
      first: {
        label: 'First name',
      },
      phone: {
        label: 'Phone'
      },
      email: {
        label: 'Email'
      }
    }}
`}>
  <Story name="Header Overrides Schema"
    args={{
      rows: dataCollection,
      headers: {
        first:  {
          label: 'Overrides First Name Label'
        }
      },
      schema: {
        first: {
          label: 'First name',
        },
        phone: {
          label: 'Phone'
        },
        email: {
          label: 'Email'
        }
      },
    }}
  >
    { DefaultTemplate.bind({}) }
  </Story>
</Canvas>

#### Schema Order

> An example to show that the order of the Schema determins the order the columns are ordered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The order of the Schema determines the order in which the columns are ordered.
```

With the given schema below, the order of the columns will be `Email, First, Phone`. `ID` will be ignored
since it is set to `false`.

<Source format={true} code={`
 {
    id: false,
    email: {
      label: 'Email Address'
    },
    first: {
      label: 'First name',
    },
    phone: {
      label: 'Phone'
    },
  },
`} />

> Here is the data used can be in any order as the schema will determine the order

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Data used can be in any order as the schema will determine the order.
```

        first: 'Maiya',
        email: 'maiya@example.com',
        phone: '555-111-1100',
      },
      {
        id: 2,
        first: 'Rowan',
        email: 'rowan@example.com',
        phone: '555-111-1101',
      },
      {
        id: 3,
        first: 'August',
        email: 'August@example.com',
        phone: '555-111-1110',
      },
      {
        id: 4,
        first: 'Paige',
        email: 'paige@example.com',
        phone: '555-111-1111',
      },
      {
        id: 5,
        first: 'Madelaine',
        email: 'madelaine@example.com',
        phone: '555-111-1112',
      },
    ]}
    schema={{
      id: false,
      email: {
        label: 'Email Address'
      },
      first: {
        label: 'First name',
      },
      phone: {
        label: 'Phone'
      },
    }}
  />
`}>
  <Story name="Schema Order"
    args={{
      rows: dataCollection,
      schema: {
        id: false,
        email: {
          label: 'Email Address'
        },
        first: {
          label: 'First name',
        },
        phone: {
          label: 'Phone'
        },
      },
    }}
  >
    { DefaultTemplate.bind({}) }
  </Story>
</Canvas>

### With Rich Content

> When you set the schema and specify the DataType to be HTML, you can see that it will render the markup in the column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the schema set and DataType specified to HTML, it will render the markup in the column.
```
